{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6020\viewh15220\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 REVIEW IST PAPER STRUCTURE AND CONTENTS:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 - in the beginning, too much knowledge about the decision tree and its origin is assumed. You need to have read the other papers to understand what is going on. DONE\
- starting from the case study, a more "chronological" narrative might make for a more readable article.\
- I have some doubts about some of the steps of he method, and the order.  DONE\
\
The use of the checklist looks a bit trivial. I was also led astray by figure 3, which suggests some 2-dimensional grouping of the information, while there is no such grouping.  DONE\
\
- I guess the first iteration was meant to color the tree. You then discovered there was more than one path, which needs to an analysis of the results found. The tuning part is a bit hypothetical, future work, it seems. DONE\
\
The abstract/intro seem to suggest more than you can deliver at this point ("identify causes for lack of collaboration ...", "essential to steer their evolution"). You need to nbe careful in what you promise; at this point you just unveil the social structure. There is no medicine yet. DONE\
\
_____________________________________________\
\
think, there are few general aspect that need attention:\
- premise: I agree with Hans that focusing on the definition of the method emerging from the industrial study is a better and more realistic approach. This change of course has a global impact (I have few suggestions on the paper correction; also there are implications for the following comments) DONE\
\
- section 3 Materials and methods: it is unclear. I do not like having "sub-studies" and I wonder if we should present the study design instead (which is missing). ????\
\
- the subsections in section 5 are often disconnected and sometimes inconsistent. Often it is unclear the links between them. For instance, the description of the evaluation framework is disconnected from the previous outcomes; the description of the checklist and its motivation is partial and fuzzy. DONE\
\
____________________________________________\
\
- mettere nella sezione dove si spiega il metodo una spiegazione di come ogni fase \'e8 venuta fuori e da quale esigenza. spiegare tutto cronologicamente dicendo che il lavoro \'e8 partito per confermare la teoria presentata nella special issue IEEE. proseguire raccontando come le varie fasi sono saltate fuori. in ogni fase poi raccontare come si arriva alla fase successiva e perch\'e8/con cosa dalla fase corrente.\
\
spiegare poi che il framework di valutazione \'e8 saltato fuori dall'esigenza di capire quali sono le cose che non vanno e che lo snapshot ci pu\'f2 aiutare a capire. quindi intuitivamente sono le tre "analisi" da condurre sullo snapshot.}